simplifies and makes clearer all vault prometheus metrics (#21)
tuenti/secrets-manager: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.2.0-rc.2 - 2019-01-29

### Added 
- New `secrets_manager_vault_max_token_ttl` metric, so a user could alert based on this and `secrets_manager_token_ttl`
  
### Fixed

> - Deprecates `secrets_manager_vault_token_expired` metric as it was quite confusing since it's not really possible for `secrets-manager` to actually not it's expired, just "close to expire".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecates `secrets_manager_vault_token_expired` metric as it was quite confusing since it's not really possible for `secrets-manager` to know when it's expired, just when it's "close to expire".
```

Author: ahh I wanted to type => `to actually know` it's just a typo
